Hussam Muhammad Al-Attar from the northern Gaza Strip in
Newton City, Palestine. During the war crisis, we
did not have electricity. I thought I would go to a
place, so I went to the market. I took the dynamo and went
there. I bought one for something. I started a thousand
dynamos. You found it going out, one thousand electricians, and one electric one out. I
rode the first one up and
got in.  I also installed fans on it until it
became irritated and my hand became irritated, so I had
wires connected to it several times during the night and several times during the
day. Everything was in the air, everything was in the air, and I was
hoping that if there was a battery to store it, it would be
available for 24 hours.  My brother has
two little boys, twins. They used to wake up at night when they
found a dark room. They started screaming. When I
mentioned this, it was his job. They woke up at night
and saw the light. They went back to sleep and were not afraid. I
mean, we have no taboos or anything. I mean, at night
we sleep on the floor. We came walking from the north to Rafah. We did not
carry anything.  Other than the awareness that we are wearing, the
sound of flying at night means it is very annoying, and it scares the
little ones. I mean, just like I am afraid of the sound of flying
at night, also the military boats are in the
sea all night, as if
they are the sea next to us and they are attacking, so we are
very afraid of them. There are many people who think they are in a sector.
Gaza, but this work means it is folded with them and no one has
seen it at the request of the world and all the
Arab countries that this war be stopped and that it completes
my talent and others also complete the talent that I
wish I could dream
of.